Snippet for env_var function (#7638)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_env-var-secrets.md

> The `env_var` function can be used to incorporate Environment Variables from the system into your dbt project. This `env_var` function can be used in your `profiles.yml` file, the `dbt_project.yml` file, the `sources.yml` file, your `schema.yml` files, and in model `.sql` files. Essentially `env_var` is available anywhere dbt processes Jinja code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `env_var` function can be used to incorporate environment variables from the system into your dbt project. You can use the `env_var` function in your `profiles.yml` file, the `dbt_project.yml` file, the `sources.yml` file, your `schema.yml` files, and in model `.sql` files. Essentially, `env_var` is available anywhere dbt processes Jinja code.
```
